c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\AndroidSQLite.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCL.batteries.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCLPlugin_esqlite3.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AndroidSQLite\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
